Welcome to Ideaspad! We hope you enjoy using our program.  For details about this and other products please visit our web site at       http://www.example.com.
You can change the default font for text and for the tree from the menu "Tools -> Options"
To select all of the text in the right hand pane press Ctrl + A.
You can append text to the clipboard by holding the Shift key down while typing Ctrl + C or Ctrl + X, or when clicking the Cut or Copy buttons.
If you drag and drop tree branch you can copy, move or link to other branches.  Click next tip for link help.
Link or linking allows you to have the same text attached to different branches.  This could be useful when you have a huge tree and want to simply update reoccurring topics.
Use F1 on any screen for specific help.
You can have up to 4 different 'Information Base Files' with the shareware version and up to 20 with the standard version. 
Remember to tell your friends about Ideaspad.
You can ensure that you have the latest version of this software by using the 'Check for Updates' feature on the menu "Help -> Check for Updates".
To automatically start your 'Information base' file, use the check box 'Don't ask me again' on the selection screen.
When you're using option or dialog screens you can press the ESC key to close them.
You can use the mnemonics, the File and Help menu have F and H underlined, use the Alt key and the letter to access the features.
You can undo or redo previous actions by pressing Ctrl + Z or Ctrl + Y. You can also access these options using the tool bar or the main menu.
You can use the options dialog "Tools > Options" to change the sorting order of tree branches.
To find out what a tool is, hold your cursor over the tool and a ToolTip will appear.
Export your data / system to your friends or colleagues using the Import / Export wizards, see the file menu.
For product purchasing information for Mindwarp Consultancy software please refer to our web site.
To turn off this window, uncheck the box marked "Show tips at startup". To re-enable it, go to "Help -> Tip of the day" and check the box again.
To quickly enter information using a template use the 'Rapid Entry' feature from the toolbar.
For a wealth of help information see the help menu.
Quickly add a template topic, right click on a branch and select 'Add template sub branch', then a template. You must previous added templates to use ths.
Insert graphics files easily into your rich text topic, by using the button on the toolbar.
